hello everybody this is Zack spear 99 I
just put up a video on the new steam
refund policy uh you know you don't take
a chance on any game so we're going to
go ahead and try out a game I just
bought I don't like it I play just a few
minutes and it's already clunky it's
early access maybe I'll buy it later but
I want to go ahead and check out the
Steam refund policy that just went into
place hours ago and see how easy it is
so we're going to do here is we're going
to go up here I'm on my main steam page
here let's go ahead and blow this up
here and what you want to do is you want
to go ahead and go up to help from the
main page and then you're going to go
ahead and go to steam support okay from
steam support you're going to see the
last games that I've actually played or
bought and soccer rage is a game I just
bought an early access game I thought it
was going to be really cool like an old
game I played on my ps1 or ps2 uh and I
don't like it it's too clunky it's too
early and release it would paid nine
dollars and 74 cents for it so we're
going to go ahead and see how easy it is
to get a refund here I'm going to go
ahead and click on here and I'm going to
go ahead and say it's not what I
expected
okay and then I'm going to say help me
fix the gameplay or technical issues or
I'd like to request a refund
you see I've only played it seven
minutes I just bought it today and I'm
going to go ahead and request a refund
it's going to check my eligibility
submit your request and we'll respond as
soon as possible
now since I know I'm going to be buying
games here real soon I'm just going to
go ahead and refund it in my Steam
wallet I could refund it back to the
credit card that I use to buy it but I
figure it'll be probably be quicker to
actually put that money my Steam wallet
rather than refunding it back to my
credit card because I know when you put
money back on your credit card usually
takes a few days so let's go ahead and
try putting it back to my Steam wallet
here and I'm just going to put it's not
what I expected I don't think I need to
put any notes here I'm going to go ahead
and submit requests and success your
refund request is now pending your
request we will go to our support team
and we'll respond to you at my email
address so we're going to see how long
it takes to actually get that
refund back in my steam wallet hopefully
it doesn't take very long so we'll be
back in just a few minutes and show you
that it's actually the next day and I
was actually looking on the forums of
steam and I seen under the refunds a lot
of people here are commenting that they
have no idea how to request a refund
they can't find it so since I actually
found it and already showed you the
process of requesting a refund earlier
in the video I just want to go ahead and
tell you that it's been 24 hours yet I
still have not received a email or a
refund you would see the dollar amount
over the top right over on steam if I
had it in my wallet I hear somebody else
also said they couldn't figure out how
to request a refund so hopefully this
video will help all of you out there
trying to request a refund now keep in
mind that they may be really backed up
since they just brought this policy into
play yesterday you may have a ton of
people requesting refund so it may take
them a little more time but I will
actually update and let you guys know if
and when I get the refund down in the
product description below or the video
description below so look down in the
description below I'll let you know if I
receive the refund as soon as I get it
so hopefully this helped somebody out be
tributed your comments down below be
sure you rate this video and be sure you
comment and share this video for anybody
else that helped getting you no refunds
on Steam go ahead and share this video
link on any of the forums or whatever
for steam if anybody is requesting a
refund hopefully it'll help you guys out
thanks so much for watching there's been
Zach's turn and nine will see you the
next one
take care everybody